Arachibutyrophobia — Fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth.
Artificial Stimulant Indoctrinaire — Junky.
Constitutionally Incapacitated Swashbuckler — Coward.
Cerebral Embryo — Brainchild.
Cerebration — Thinking for the sake of thinking (sort of like masturbation, only it's for that other thing you use to think with).
Entertainment Liaison Agent — Pimp.
Eurotophobia — Fear of female genitals.
Helminthophobia — Fear of becoming infested with worms.
Parousiamania — An abnormal anticipation of the Second Coming of Christ.
Penis — From Latin, meaning "tail."
Porphyrophobia — Hatred of the colour purple.
Rapere Diem — Latin for "Rape the day."
Sheryl Crow — The second coming of Edie Brickell.
Spacially Challenged — Contortionist.
Vagina — From Latin, meaning "sword sheath" (just proves that slang really can be accepted).
Anthropophagous- Eating someone else (let your imagination roam).
Curmudgeon- There's two meanings to this word. The first, as listed by Webster's is "a bad-tempered, churlish man." It has been increasingly used in a more modern way, however: "anyone who hates hypocrisy and pre- tense and has the temerity to say so; anyone with the habit of pointing out unpleasant facts in an engaging and humorous manner." I guess you could classify Mark Twain and Harlan Ellison as curmudgeons.
Democratic cult- second coming of Christ, passed by a two thirds majority.
Gwabug — I don't know. Your guess is as good as mine, but my mom always used it. All she said was that they (whatever THEY are) "Gwa".
Intellectual myopia — lacking the ability, or desire, to stop being an idiot.
Keep Your Eyes Peeled- Eeeewwwww (I've never had the need to spell this before). What a wretched thought. Who came up with this one...and more important...WHY!?
Spoonerism — A transposition of letters in a sentence. An example of this verbal phenomena is when, raising a glass to toast the Queen of England, Spooner (its namesake) said, "Let's glaze our asses in salute to our queer Dean." He got into no trouble, only because he said rather embarrassing things all the time. As a side note, one of our writers (yes, there's more than one crack pot. So "Luke, join us. It is your destiny.") has a number of English descendants who have the sir name "Spooner". The phenomena seems to be genetic.
Strapping Young Man — What the hell does this MEAN! Does he liked to be strapped? Does he like to strap? What? What? What! Is he built like a backpack?! Tell me!!!
Verbal bulimia — Saying the same damn crap you puke up every day because you can't think of any thing original to say (example: "What's up?" When you ask that question, do you really care? People say it as a sign that they are willing to interact; it's a kind of door-charge. Isn't it easier to say "Hi"?).
Verbal dysentery — The act of speaking when one has nothing to say.
Anal Explosive — opposite of anal retentive (Look Out!).
Argocious — 1) Being overly abundant in praise of one's self and having no justification to do so. 2.) Being a common idiot and professing to know the nature of the world.
Bombastic- Using words larger than necessary to describe things that are smaller than you think they are.
Defenestrate — To throw an object, or person, living or non-living, out of a window.
Dullard — Someone who can open an encyclopedia or dictionary and only read what they'd planned to.
Godphiles — Kind of like pediphiles, but more like priests.
Groin — A massive wooden framework or low broad wall of concrete or masonry run out from a shore especially to combat erosion.
Example: "Mom, I'm going swimming near the groin."
Kludge — A ridiculous assortment of unmatched and unworkable parts.
Misanthropology — The study of why people are so stupid and why most of them should die...soon.
Non-Committal Epileptic — Those people who, when in the presence of music, aren't quite comfortable enough to dance, so in its stead they twitch a portion of their anatomy, not necessarily to any human concept of beat.
Pasgang — Striding with a forward kick and a pole push on the same side.
Relaxed Bisexual Agnostic — I don't know, I don't care, and maybe I'll sleep with it.
Snake — Not so much a pet as an ambitious plant. What's the difference, really? You just feed them, but the snake ends up behind the fridge while the plant tends to stay where you put it.
Stultify — To cause to be ridiculous Xerophthalmia- Abnormal dryness of the eyeball.
Xerophthalmia — Abnormal dryness of the eyeball.
Advocodocating — When words spontaneously increase in length. It is a rare disease, though, strangely prevalent among the <i>GDT</i> staff.
Anti-paranoia — That eerie feeling that nothing is connected to anything else. 
Arborealophobia — Fear of tree-like things.
Baboonery — Kind of like a nunnery, but with baboons. I don't know....
Dark Blader — aka Dark Man. That guy at RIT who rollerblades about campus (badly) wearing a cloak ("...together, we can end this destructive conflict and rule the campus as father and son") (please note that this was written two weeks before this year’s Distorter came out).
Dimensionally Transcendental — Whovians know what we mean. For those deprived souls, it simply means "bigger inside than out."
Flacoxenogeriatrodepilakopfviroducoastrobarquephilia — The love of Patrick Stewart in Star Trek.
Flitterbick- A mythical flying squirrel that flies so fast that no one has ever seen it.
Geriatridepilakopfviroastroducoflacoxenobarqueophilia — The love of Sean Connery in The Hunt for Red October.
Gregarious — Loudly chanting.
Homogeriatriphile — A person attracted to the elderly of the same sex. 
Line-man — Nathan Arnone (Yeah. 2 point. Definitely 2 point).
Lummox — Actually, we're not sure of the spelling or meaning. Someone who throws their mass about the immediate area due to overexcitedness, and a general lack of con- cern as to what/who they knock over.
Militant Agnostic — I don't know and you don't either!
Mouseketeer — A driver of mice (and, when discussing one Mouseketeer in particular, a driver of men).
Muleteer — A driver of mules.
Paradisic — Like paradise, only it clings to the back of your neck, under your hair line. 
Pronoia — that eerie feeling that people are secretly conspiring to do you good. 
Puritanism — The haunting fear that someone somewhere may be happy. Quadragenarian- a person who is 40 years old or over but not yet 50.
Brothel — Six or more unmarried women inhabiting the same house. That's why sorority houses are not permitted on the U of R.
Bundling — To sleep or lie in the same bed without undressing, especially of sweet-hearts, as in early New England. This resulted in a bunch of hasty marriages....
Eschatology — The doctrine of the last or final things, such as death, resurrection, immortality, and judgment.
Flehmenem — Long ropy phlegm that springs back like a window shade when you try to spit or pull it out ("thawpthawpthawpt...").
German — Being the child of one's parent’s own brother or sister. Accept no imitations: always look for the unitooth.
Hammerhead Christians — Those insufferable gits who take the Bible as literal truth. 
Hinduism — Well, Pat Robertson defines it as "devil worship."
Hoof-heads — Those chicks with the really big hair.
Jihad — Yiiyiiyiiyiiyiiyiiiyiiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyi!
Juramentado — A Muhammadan Moro who has taken an oath to die while engaged in killing Christians. See "Jihad."
Lissotrichous — Having straight hair.
Lumbricoid — Resembling an earthworm.
Moolie — We're not really sure just what a moolie is. The important thing is, he's outta here!
The Rapture — The "snatching away of the church." It refers to the immediate departure of hundreds of thousands of people from this earth during a huge, multiple orgasm that will happen in the twinkling of an eye.
Resurrection — The act of exhuming the dead with a shovel and a pig. Rush - Something of little or no value.
Scatology — The study of shit.
Sitomania — Insane mania for food.
Skua — Type of bird that steals prayers. People pray all the time, but God never gets them because skuas snag them from the air and line their nests with them. There is even some evidence that Gud’n Tenshuns come into being from some of these intercepted prayers that are dropped by the birds and fall to earth.
Slinky — The metal or plastic tool posing as a toy that is actually the graph of a complex mathematical equation that describes the upward, otherwise inexplicable, spiral of credit card debt.
Sororate — The marriage of one man with two or more sisters, usually successively, after the first wife has been found to be barren or after her death.
Superfetation — Conception during pregnancy. 
Thanatophobia — Fear of death.
Yuk - The SI unit of laughter.
Manifest Destiny — An editors right not to run a piece.
Shareful (from Luke’s Mom’s English) — Having gregarious inclinations
Witch’s nipple — A unit of measurement equal to .04 microns.
Canadian — A person who vacations in Cuba.
Plapp — To deposit in resignation.
Recepticon — A slutty Transformer.
Koyaanisqasti — Pretentious art people trying to save the world. See also Hopi Native Americans
Spackling — An artistic outlet for frustrated contractors.
Varadero Beach — Popular hangout for Canadians.
Fish heading for the piddle — To let the man getcha’ (and do what he done...) 
Shit belong fire — Pidgin for ashes.
Wham wham and zoo zoos — Candy stolen from children or University Presidents.
Talk to the canoe driver — To chow box in Venice. 
Obstetric zomotherapy — Using raw meat or meat juices as an aide in childbirth.
Fipolomist — One who wears funny shoes.
Bemioskhishda — Snowfall of this region as it pertains to people of foreign regions.
Free and Accepted Masonometry — (also Scotch Rite triangle geometry): using bricks and Macs to calculate pi.
Puterfaction — 1. the process of putrefying. 2. slang The rate of decay for computer equipment (“What’s this machine’s ‘puterfaction?”)
Olefactorigor — A bad-smelling ulceration of the nasal membrane, not to be confused with Skeletor’s henchman of the same name.
Rambouillet — One of a breed developed by Meriano, yielding meats and wool suitiable for Obstretic Zomotherapy.
Philately — [literal] - the love of untaxed goods. [common usage] - stamp collecting.
[GDT] - a quiet, desperate cry for help. 
Finna — To intend to (“I finna whoop your ass!”)
Sweatpants — The hallmark of general despair and ultimate apathy.
Caligulmaphism — A desire to be the head of the Empire of Sex.
Castular Inspection — An official siege undertaken by the Shire of New Amsterdamn upon a home in order to determine its worthiness for classification as a castle (see ISO- 0002 Fortifications Specs, keeping in mind that these specs were drawn up during the Schism and may there- fore conflict with other similarly-numbered ISOs).
Advent Horizon — Getting closer and closer to Christmas but never quite reach- ing it.
Deglutition — The act or process of swallowing.
Demisemiquaver — A note having half the time value of a semiquaver.
Demisemiquasar — A celestial body (Oh, yeah) having half the lightness of being.
Ebononegophobia — Fear of mispronouncing “ebonics.”
Fuck-a-licous — Mmmm... fuck-a-licous. Aaaaggggggggghhhhhhh.
God — A being you don't have a tendency to try to kill. Just goes to show that Jesus couldn't have been a God.
Hermetic — Having the quality of being reclusive, like a hermit.
Isosignimer — Two or more words which have the same spelling but different
meanings.
Jello Journalism — The most up-to-the-moment news articles written entirely with jello jigglers (i.e., Bill Cosby’s son getting shot).
Juice for Jesus — Holy citrus (with vitamin C).
Master Cardiology — Study of how receiving credit card bills can adversely affect
ones health.
Matrimonial Lease — Replaces today’s outmoded state of matrimony, by leasing your marriage for one, two, five, ten, or in especially certain cases, twenty years. If, for some reason, one of the two parties wishes to void the contract early, certain penalties will be placed against the member voiding the contract. Thus divorce becomes obsolete.
Procidentia — Condition in which a woman's womb, having been weakened by trau-matic or repeated child birthings, falls down against the vagina. In severe cases, the womb actually continues its downward spiral and hangs out from the vaginal opening, managing to take the vagina with it. To quote Edward Shorter: "...The woman looks as though she has an elephant's trunk between her legs." Win some. Lose some. You're skinnier, what are you worrying about?
Syncretism — The changing of an absorbed religion to fit the culture. Wile E Coyote- Cleverness with ears.
Ya' way — Epithet. Common response to "No way!"

Amurakh — a culture-specific hysterical disorder that is characterized by compul- sive imitation of sounds and gestures.
Anti-pope — Sort of like the anti-christ, only much smaller. About the same size as an anti-body.
Apologentsia  — the class in a society comprising the apologetic, pathetic, and those with low self esteem, as opposed to those people who assume all problems are the fault of everyone else.
Archangel - 1.)One of the more powerful, beautiful angels, bent over, spread- eagle.
2.) The supernatural beings that protect patrons of McDonolds. 
Autoerotic — having sexual relations with a car.
Avalanche — An exclamation shouted by skiers and mountain climbers which serves to inform others that there is a small hill coming down the mountain.
Bad news — when your pee comes out black.
Dialect — A language that doesn't have an army.
Disneyesque — Esquimaux featured in "It's a small world" ride.
Ennuierotomania — a particular form of anxiety, specifically when having sex and knowing you should to be doing something else.
Evil-doer — see "spreadeagle."
ex aesto et caleo — according to the principles of orgasm and afterglow. 
Fetidfeticide — killing of a stinky baby.
Glossalalia — a culture-specific hysterical disorder that is characterized by tremor, disorientation, clouding of consciousness, delirium, speaking in tongues, and hallucinations.
The Great Trek — The predecessor of Star Trek, which was actually the mass migration in 1835 of Boer farmers from Cape Colony escaping the British to found such republics as the Orange Free State.
Hemophilia — the gift that keeps on giving.
Inhospitable — When the hosts eat the guests.
Lactic-empathic — "I feel creamy!"
Omphaloskepsis — a form of meditation while gazing at the navel.
Onanism — meaning both interrupted coition and masturbation. See Genesis 38:9
Pantechnicon — a furniture moving van.
Pop-up — When an idea or memory of something reaches your conciousness without apparent prompting, and you see/experience it the next day. This usually only happens with TV programs.
Pout — whining of the face.
Self-actualization — sick of waiting for people to give you a hand.
Sleep crawling — a Samoan sexual practice in which an uninvited youth would enter a young woman's house with the intent of seduction.
Spreadeagle — "Dear Forum, so I was in the zoo, and I never thought of myself as patriotic, but..."
Time-delay enema — A small cylinder of snow inserted in the anus. Usually occurs while sledding.
Yes — Karen's favorite word. Karen is one of Rochester Telephone's operators, and we thank her. Wanda was indecisive. Bitch.

Anal spike — 1.) The light-weight portable seats people use at golf tournaments. 2.) A generic word for any painfully endowed objects such as hedgehogs, glass shards, and sodium hydroxide gelcap suppositories (smooth going in, bloody coming out) that
one might be induced to gently maneuver into one’s own anus.
Adel Vice — Craftsman Sphincta-Grips™.
Ancient — Back when people were wrong most of the time. ex. Ancient Chinese secret...?
Chile con corpus — Chile with either big pieces of meat, or many books.
Cleptocracy — A rule by theft.
Duenna — You can find it in the dictionary, but only if you have a really big or very old dictionary. It's another word for “Governess.”
Editrix — 1.) A Female editor. Local examples include Kelly Harsch of RIT’s Reporter Magazine and Dixie McCartney of the UofR’s Norm. 2.) S and M Editing (a subsidiary of Hell's Kitchen). Example: the Sean and Kelly show.
The Grim Beeper — Death's way of notifying the busy businessman that he's been existentially downsized. Funnily enough, they always call him back.
Home — Correct way to refer to a group of old people. Usage: “a home of old people.” 
Human Embolism — A big clot of people usually, located in the vicinity of malls
around discount tables.
Kojak Reruns — The most powerful sedative known to man.
Maladdiction — Not even able to have an addiction correctly; Usage: “a common heroin maladdiction is shooting up only when you're sitting in the bathtub and pouring ice cold water on your genitals.”
Melancholiac — One having a despondent nature.
Movement — Sort of like a bowel movement, except (among other things) the shit never stops flowing. Ex. Women's Movement, Civil Rights Movement...
Pimpmobile — A large, expensive, and ostentatious or vulgarly ornate automobile, typically one painted in bright colors and fitted out with a lavish or overelaborate interior (as cited from Webster's Encyclopedic Unabridged Dictionary of the English Language).
Pithecanthropos — A former genus of extinct fraternity members who have now been assigned to the proposed species <i>Homo erectus</i>.
Rectal impaction — See concrete enema (figure one).
Sesquipedalian — 1.) Given to using long words. 2.) one having 18 inches. Supercilious - High and mighty.
Supersillious — High and deranged.
Watsoncrickery — The theft of another person's scientific data to forward one’s own research and then never giving them credit.

Agoranecroailurophobia - Fear of crowds or open spaces in dead cats 
Cacodemonomania - Inordinate obsession with demonic possession. “I can't wait! I can't wait! I can't wait!”
Callicrinolezooacinorum - The art of using animal semen as pomade.
Conditusknolissfreude - The joy of eating spicy tubers.
Coprolalomania - Obsession with foul speech.
Cremnophobia - Fear of precipices
Erythrophobia - Fear of blushing and the color red.
Foofie - Undefinable. Intangible quality of being. Example: “My foofie grandparents bought tickets to go to the moon prior to the Challenger explosion.”
Gametgalophobia - fear of marrying sharks
Girl Power - Girl Voltage * Current
Gizmachi - Japanese gizmo
Glazomania - Inordinate fascination with list making. 
Heliomania - Uncontrollable craving for the sun.
Heurdy gurdy, bork, bork, bork - Mud herdsmen, birch, birch, birch.
Hoard - Past tense of whore.
Kathisomania - Uncontrollable compulsion to sit.
Knolvolk - Tuber People.
Krautvolkfrissconditusknolphobia - The fear of spicy tubers eating German people.
Krautvolkissconditusknolphobia - The fear of German people eating spicy tubers.
Kretebroodjedestalen - Buns of steel.
Kretebroodjedestalin - Buns of Stalin. 
Meisjedecondituskrautphobia - The fear of German Spice Girls.
Mythomania - Exaggeration and lying, irresistible impulse toward
Necrocoitoailuroacromania - Obsession with having sex using dead cats in high places.
Nuhuh- Negative affirmation. Adds power to any argument, especially when used with “the hand.”
Paramania - Deriving joy from complaints. 
Siderodromophobia - Irrational fear of trains.
Wedgewear - underwear that gives you wedgies. Also, “Thong.”
Wesley out - to turn a character into an omniscient/omnipotent being to release the actor from their from their contract. Usually employed in speculative fiction television series and bad soap operas. Examples: Wesley Crusher and Kess.

AILUROMANIA - Intense enthusiasm for cats.
AMOSCASTINGOLA - the unceasing airtime devot- ed to Tori Amos by "alternative" and "college" radio stations
CORK FOOTBED - The part of the Birkenstock that forces your feet to develop calluses in their struggle to dominate the cellulose within it.
DEPRIERGONOMICS - The phenomena occurring when you are really tired that makes anything comfortable.
DIGGER - A fall resulting from slipping on mud, loose grass, or icy sidewalks.
DIPLOYTATION - Exploitation of Di's death.
FLATULARITY - A high concentration of flatulence in one location, like in old lazy boys, that actually change the gravitational nature of the chair.
FLUKEMUNSCHELFEN - Waif-like studio majors who are borne aloft on high winds by their portfolios.
GLASSALIA - The state of expectancy generated by Philip Glass's work. "Where's the bass line?"
HYPERPOLYSYLLABICSESQUIPEDALIPANISM - The overuse of long words.
ISLAND BIOGEOGRAPHY - A good way to spend a Fulbright Fellowship.
ISOSTACY - The force by which mountains are prevent- ed from sinking into the magma because of their excessive mass. The surface of the planet is mirrored by its underside- a mountain has a corresponding mass beneath it to afford sufficient buoyancy.
LILITHPHLEGM- Residual mucous from the eating of children.
LRF - Little Rubber Feet.
LYOPHILIZATION - The process of drying substances, including microorganisms, in the frozen state under a vacuum. Also "freeze-drying."
MEME - A contagious information pattern that replicates by symbiotically infecting human minds and altering their behavior, causing them to propagate the pattern. (Term coined by Dawkins by analogy with "gene".) Individual slogans, catch-phrases, melodies, icons, inventions, and fashions are typical memes. An idea or information pattern is not a meme until it causes (someone to replicate it, to repeat it to someone else. All transmitted knowledge is memetic. Some examples of viral memes are songs you can't get out of your head, like the Spice Girls.
OROGENY - A mountain building event, usually the result of the collision of continental plates.
PARADIGM - Not enough to make a phone call in Rochester.
PARTICIPANT OBSERVATION - (1) Western science (2) Another good way to spend a Fulbright Fellowship.
PASTIES - (1) Meat pies served in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and throughout the northern midwest. (2) Nipple coverings used by per- formers to increase the legality of their acts.
SEMIPWHORE - A prostitute with keen Morse code skills.
SHAREWARE - Free stuff that ceases to be free stuff when you tire of the "please register your copy now" announcement.
SKRONKING - Having sex with someone's tracheotomy hole.
TERMINAL MORAINE - The deposit of rocks and dirt at the end of a glacier. See the weird-ass
mountains in Highland Park.
TLA - Three letter acronym.
TMESIS - The separation, by inserting an additional word or words, of a word or phrase to give strong emphasis. "Not likely!" becomes "not -bloody-likely!", "unbelievable!" becomes "un-fucking-believable!", and GDTmesis is our own beloved "Q-fucking-Boom!"
QUARTO - (1)Front of the page of a book. (2) Two empty pint glasses.
VERSO - (1)Back of the page of a book. (2) Part of a poem as described by an underage intellectual buzzed on red wine.
YAMONOPIA - Sounds of Rastafarians.
Al Simony - The practice of buying away one's sins (typically against Hawaiians).
Anime: Child porn produced in another country.
Austin Nichols - Friend to all writers.
Baas Roma - A Gypsy sub-cult whose followers smuggle felines into shopping malls. (See Fig. 1)
Brutalism - The architectural style under which the RIT campus was designed, usually designed to grab the eye and hurt it bad.
Diablocentrism - The foolish notion that celestial bodies revolve around Hell's Kitchen editors.
Deditus excideri - To be addicted to falling out. (see also: philodefenestratia).
Flivverdegibbets - Those which are of the Tao.
The General Tso Maneuver - A Chinese restaurant server's practice of establish- ing a remote beachhead so as to gain the element of surprise over the customers when it's feeding time.
Gib-erish - a form of speech governed by obscure (or non- existent) rules of conjugation developed by those who have rejected all languages, including their milk tongue.
Hatemong - the act of cultivating boorish ignorance in your fellow man for the purpose of writing a main article.
HKSOP - Hell's Kitchen Standard Operating Procedure. (see also: footnoted in-jokes).
Loquibiphulercum - 1) a college student who wears a “fuck the system” shirt while calmly laying out $24K per annum for an education 2) a youth who wears a “Rage Against The Machine” t-shirt while getting out of Dad's BMW (“Yeah, rage against that machine!”...support recursive music; rage against Rage Against The Machine).
[L <i>loquor</i> to talk, <i>bifurcum</i> crotch]
McFarewellMyConcubine - music played in Chinese restaurants that sounds vaguely like the Braveheart soundtrack.
Mixmaster belong jesus christ - [pidgin] helicopter.
Myrmidic praedasuriens - the vulture-like zeal with which an Army recruiter asks whether you've dropped out of school yet and are ready to sign up to kill counter-profitable people.
Officinarum artes - 1) to play MagicTM on a router. 2) to perform acts of technological wizardry with the help of power crystals.
Orgo - “Orgo, orgo! Not sleeping, just orgo!” (4 out of 4 Hell's Kitchen editors do not understand this).
Ornarecundus - the desire to make people think we didn't just run off to a Chinese restaurant with a Latin dictionary to come up with some definitions.
Radical colectomy: a popular turn-of-the-century surgical procedure concerned with removing the entire large intestine and prescribing laxatives shortly afterward. (See Fig. 2)
Sean'ammond - Cockney slang for a whiney molecular biologist who wishes to be Terry Pratchett. (e.g. “Gorblimey, 'e was a real Sean'ammond wot said CompSci majors are bitter twats, 'e was.”)
Sesquiplaga - one blow plus one-half of a blow. vodka enema: ritualistic frat hazing device.
Vomalblum - to issue forth semi-digested Klan Kracker KracksTM.
Vomere debeers - the act of vomiting diamonds onto Disney characters, or reasonable facsimiles of same icons.
XTLA - extended three-letter acronym (thanks, Carithers!).
Doppelänger — The phenomenon of two completely unrelated things provoking anger in identical ways, as if they share an infuriating essence despite having nothing else in common.
Fathomable Depths — Holes, Pits, or Pools in which you can in fact see the bottom or even touch it, usually with a short stick.
Fucked to a standstill — What is happening to Russia in late 2024.
GDT Definitions Page — A respite from the dense writing you’re used to. Established early on in <i>GDT</i>’s lifespan so the authors could take a break from the more strenuous articles when they needed to, while still producing content and hitting publication deadlines.
Graftitude — Expressing gratitude for laws passing after the fact is not graft and is in fact perfectly legal.
Infathomable Depths — Not to be confused with your run-of-the-mill fathomable depths, these particular depressions in the landscape aren’t simply impossible or difficult to fully observe or understand, but take active measures to stay that way.
Laundcry — When something goes catastrophically wrong with your laundry. You know you’ve been there.
Meteorwrongs — Incorrectly labeled asteroids.
Nepomancer — Someone capable of bringing back their friends and family.
Nepotism — Drowning your family for God. See also “nepotismal”.
Nepotismal — Related to drowning your family.
Obsessive Compulsive Spartanism — Trying to reduce things in your life by giving them away. See also “Santa Claus”.
Platypus — A kitten’s best friend.
The Final Countdown — BA DA BA BUM! BA-DA-BA-BA-BUM!
The Unbearable Lightness of Weeing — An often-sudden realization that you are becoming lighter. See also Breaking the Seal.
Unpossible — Very, very difficult as opposed to ‘impossible’.
Winge Watch — The act of viewing a television show or IP just to complain about it.
Youphemism — The result of gaslighting someone into thinking their language is the problem instead of whatever ideas you’re peddling. The “less offensive” replacement terminology they pick up from you is a youphemism.
Imimoken — Inverse cat ears. An equivalent exchange where, for every person with cat ears, there must be… well. I’m sure you can figure it out.
Imimorcen — Wearing the ears of a dead person brought back to life.
Jury Nullification — K.O. for a sham trial.
Nekomimi — Wearing cat ears, see: the Maid Brigade’s next great investment opportunity.
Lithium Battery Fire — Something that somehow, in 2025, is actually not Engineering House’s fault.
Luigi — Innocent until proven guilty.
Necromimi — Wearing dead people’s ears.
Nekomancy — Resurrecting cats.
Nekonomicon — A book of instructions on how to resurrect a cat joke you beat to death.
Proxy Lithium Battery Fire — Synonym for the Ukraine War.
Vertically Fat — Tall.
Scrodinger’s Cat — The reader, after reading all these definitions.

Combitment — Having dedication to acting out the bit.
Endarkenment — What happens when your country does away with the Department of Education.
Hobbitment — The dedication it takes to make and eat breakfast, second breakfast, elevenses, lunch, tea, supper, and dinner in one day.
Multiversal Healthcare — In one of the infinite realities you are healthy, therefore we will not do anything to help you.
Ten to One — Millimeters to centimeters conversion. See also the gender ratio in Gleason.
Universal Healthcare — The greatest threat to humanity since the idea that all people were created equal.

Bricks - Domesticated rocks.
Rocks - Feral bricks.

Discogs – The Library of Alexandria for those who care too much for pressings of particular records.
FeetFinder – For those who lost their ruler, a detailed list of stationary items that are exactly 12 inches long.
Footnotes – The discussion pages on WikiFeet.
Libel – Libel is a method of defamation expressed by print, writing, pictures, signs, effigies, or any communication embodied in physical form that is injurious to a person’s reputation; exposes a person to public hatred, contempt or ridicule; or injures a person in their business or profession.
Rasputin - Grigori Rasputin was a Russian mystic that is widely credited with accelerating the fall of Czar Nicholas II. He is also reported to have been a hell of a partier with a cast iron stomach. Surprisingly not related to Rasputitsa.
Rasputitsa - The term for mud season in many Eastern European countries.
Slander – Slander is a false statement, usually made orally, which defames another person. Unlike libel, damages from slander are not presumed, and must be proven by the party suing.
Wikifeet – Detailed discussions on historic Imperial units of measure.

2A – A very small bra.
CIA – Away team.
FBI – Home team.
Magazine – The thing in your hands right now, make sure it’s unloaded.
Holster – See jock strap.
The Most Dangerous Game – victims of gun violence and advocates for gun control.
NRA – Naughty Romance Allowed.
NRA – Nerf Restricted Armistice.
NRA – National Registry of Associations.
NYSRPA – New York State Ransacking and Plundering Association.
Public indecency charge – What you should catch if you wave your unholstered thing around.
Unregistered firearm – Not posing with your 2nd amendment right for your twitter page or Christmas card.

Accidentist — A person who rearranges your teeth by accident.
Pod cast — Multiple whales mending broken bones.
Toxoplasmosis — awwww what a cute little kitty cat yes so soft ‘n so fluffyyyyyy so cuddly and cute little cutie patootie.

Inepotism — Attempting to acquire a position of social or political power by leveraging the influence of your biological family even though your family doesn’t have much—if any—influence.
Sublettuce — The ancient RIT tradition where desperate students flood every chat, group, and bulletin board with the same “Subletting my place!!! DM me!!!” post—only to be ignored like a myCourses announcement.

Climate refugee — Humans that were living in Doggerland, Sundaland, on shores of the Neoeuxine Lake, and other lands flooded during the last major climate shift.
Fee-nix — Every time you finally finish paying your bills, more randomly show up.
First Sea Lord — The military head of the Naval Service of the United Kingdom.
Giger Counter — 1.) Device to track how afraid an individual is when discussing the topic of their birth. 2.) Device made by drunk nuclear engineers
H.R. Giger Counter — 1.) Device which tracks how dark your humor can go at work before “corporate” needs to intervene. 2.) Device for measuring just how harmful the matter is to minors. Only works in California.
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis — An unfunny way to describe being suffocated by a volcano.
Produce of Regret — Perishable groceries you buy for yourself as a treat to have when you deserve something extra special, but are so unwilling to have for a mundane situation that they lie forgotten until once again their presence is made known through scent.
Second Sea Lord — The deputy of the First Sea Lord.
Stockholm Syndrome — I love <i>Gracies Dinnertime Theatre</i>!
Sun spots — The ability to see a greater student population on sunny days.
Third Sea Lord — Just happy to be here.